Update wasm-as-universal-binary-format-part-2-wapm.md (#63)
wasmerio/wasmer.io: _posts/wasm-as-universal-binary-format-part-2-wapm.md

published: true
---

In the [first article in this series](https://wasmer.io/posts/wasm-as-universal-binary-format-part-1-native-executables) we demonstrated how you can create standalone executable files from WebAssembly WASI files that will work in any operating system; which means we can create a `python.exe` (or `python.out`) from a `python` package, without depending on any WebAssembly Runtime at all (see the [Python package on WAPM](https://wapm.io/python/python))!

> This article was well received by the community, but we were missing one big part of the picture: how can we use this new feature to improve the life of developers?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was great and very well adopted by the community, but we were missing one big part of the picture: how can we use this new feature to improve the life of developers?
```
